1997 typography content (#2031)
pluralsight/pando: docs/src/content/docs/reference/typography.mdx

  <span>TBD</span>
</div>

### Lists

We support <code>ul</code>, <code>ol</code>, and <code>dl</code> list styling.

### Code Blocks

For codeblocks, use the <code>code</code>, <code>kbd</code>, or <code>samp</code> tags.

> If you need to change the sized of the code, you can use the <code>mono</code> tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to change the size of the code, you can use the <code>mono</code> tokens.
```

<ul>
  <li>
    <code>textStyle: 'mono-xs'</code>
  </li>
  <li>
    <code>textStyle: 'mono-sm'</code>
  </li>
  <li>
    <code>textStyle: 'mono-md'</code>
  </li>
  <li>
    <code>textStyle: 'mono-lg'</code>
  </li>
</ul>

## Color

Use only text styles or variables for text colors, as labeled in the Pando Colors library.

[View the Color Section](/explanation/color) for more information, descriptions, and examples of the different sentiments and colors.

## Measure & alignment

### Line-length

> Wrapping text for a more accessible and readable user experience. Base the line-length on the font-size, and adjust responsively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wrap text as suggested below for a more accessible and readable user experience. Base the line-length on the font-size, and adjust responsively.
```

#### Example

<div
  class={css(exampleBorder)}
>

Wide lines of text can be difficult for people to read, and require\
increased focus. While there is no way to measure a perfect line length\
for everyone, a general rule of **60-100 characters is often cited as a\
best practice**.

When designing, this should be taken into consideration according to font\
size and responsive layout. Users may change the width and size of their\
viewports, as well as their font size, thereby altering the perceived\
line length.

</div>

### Alignment

By default, all text should align to the leading edge of its container. Do not justify text as this is not considered a best practice for text displayed in a web browser.

#### Exceptions to leading-edge alignment

<div
  class={css(exampleBorder)}
>

<ul>
  <li>
    <span class={css({ color: 'neutral.text.100' })}>Center align:</span>{' '}
    Buttons, Badges, TypeFlags, or interactive triggers (i.e. Tabs)
  </li>
  <li>
    <span class={css({ color: 'neutral.text.100' })}>Trailing edge align:</span>{' '}
    Table cells containing numbers, definition list definitions/values, any
    stacked incrementing numbers
  </li>
</ul>

</div>

### Spacing

> 

Reviewer: Should we apply heading styles and type sizes here to illustrate, or will that come later?

Author: We can return to this in future work!
